[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Speaking of light and
brightness and shining,
let's look at MR. MR-- the
device attached to Marduk,
the god of Babylon, the
shining one of Babylon,
whose name Marduk later became
Mars, the "enlightened one."
Look at the comparison
here between Marduk
before his pillar
of MR-- brightness
and shining-- and the way
Isis is portrayed next
to the Osiris device.
Are they portraying
the same technology?
I think that they are.
Marduk was the chief
god of Babylon.
And scholars tell us his
tool is called a spade.
That doesn't look anything
like a spade to me.
I think they-- what happens
is that, in the 1800s,
they look at these
depictions and say, oh, that
must be a spade.
And what happens for
the next 100 years
is that every scholar who
goes to the University
of Pennsylvania or
University of Chicago
repeats the same
lie over and over
again until it becomes gospel.
And anybody that challenges
that is a heretic.
Well, I'm a heretic.
And I'm saying
that's not a spade.
That's a device that brought
about brightness and shining,
awakening.
It was called the mar
or the MR, "mister."
It's funny.
When I moved to
Nashville in 1982,
two things really
changed my life.
One, I read "Holy
Blood, Holy Grail"
when I was a
sophomore in college.
And two, I learned
to speak Southern.
And learning to speak Southern
became an incredible tool
for me.
It happened-- my family,
we used to have horses.
And we had a ranch manager.
And he sat me down one day,
and he says, you're a Yankee,
read this.
And I said, OK.
"Mister Dukes, Mister Not
Dukes, Osar, CM Wangs, Lib,
Mister Dukes."
He said, no, you
gotta speak Southern!
"'Em are ducks.
'Em are not ducks!
Oh, 'es 'ey are!
See 'em wings?
Well, I'll be!
'Em are ducks!" [LAUGHTER]
And so from that point forward,
I started speaking Southern.
And so when I'm with a word,
I'll slow that word down.
And what it did is it
gave me an opportunity
to start to say, well, where
did this word come from.
"See 'em wings?
Well, I'll be!
'Em are ducks."
So Marduk was implanted
in my consciousness
back in '82 with this
idea of speaking Southern.
The temple dedicated to Marduk
was called the E-Sagila,
where the mer or mar,
this device of brightness
and shining, was located.
It was called the "lofty house."
It was known as the mooring
post of heaven and earth,
a place of ascension.
So tell me that's a spade.
OK?
This device has something to do
with ascension, with connecting
heaven and earth.
It's a mooring post.
In fact, when you flip
back over to Egypt,
you find the root "mer."
And the hieroglyph for
mer or MR is a pyramid.
Egyptologist Mark
Lehner has stated
that the ancient Khemetian
term-- and "Khemet"
is the ancient name for
Egypt-- the Khemetian term
for "pyramid" was something
he calls "MR.pyramid."
Lehner bases this on
his translation of "MR"
as "place of ascension."
That's what the pyramid
was-- a place of ascension.
And it's connected with
the Babylonian belief
in a place of ascension,
a mooring post, a bond
between heaven and earth.
Zahi Hawass, the grand poobah of
the Giza Plateau, the Secretary
General of the Antiquities
Organization of Egypt
himself, explains that the Giza
Plateau, the Great Pyramid,
was known by the Egyptians
as the House of Osiris, lord
of the underground tunnels.
What that tells me is that
Osiris is not a person.
Osiris is a device.
This bond between
heaven and earth
must have been located
at the Great Pyramid.
I believe it's still there.
I believe that this
device is housed
within the Great Pyramid.
Zahi Hawass was actually here
in Nashville in June of 2006
and said that by
the end of 2006,
he's going to open a secret
chamber in the Great Pyramid--
the lost tomb of Khufu,
as he describes it.
A little bit of insight-- Zahi
Hawass believes he is Khufu.
I just learned this.
Everybody who knew him
when he was studying
at the ARE and the
University of Pennsylvania
knows that he
believes he's Khufu.
Oh my god!
So Osama believes
he's the Mahdi,
and-- we need a scorecard of
who these people are on the news
and who they think they are.
It'd be very helpful,
because then we would really
realize their intentions.
The symbol of Marduk, this
brightness and shining device,
was set upon a
composite creature
called a mushrushu,
a hybrid being.
It looks like a
dragon or a bull.
And I think it's the
stand for this device.
I think it's the stand that
you put this device that
connects heaven and earth upon.
And over and over again, we
see a similar scene of people
worshipping or utilizing this
device, similar to the way
Isis is portrayed operating
the Osiris device.
I think it's all
the same technology.
I think they're describing the
exact same device over and over
again.
Back at Abydos, we see
Isis tending the device.
But now we see there's an actual
human face in this antenna
device.
And it's called
the head of Osiris.
And as we get in
more closely, we
see that they appear
to be bringing
some sort of a substance
out of it, which is what
this figure holds in his hand.
They're operating
it like an antenna.
And we see now more
clearly the face
that is emboldened on this
bas-relief, which-- it's
extraordinary to stand in
front of this at Abydos,
because you just get a sense
of energy coming from it,
like the device is actually
still operating to this day.
The actual name, according
to Gerald Massey,
of that head is Hathor, who is
also called [mufkut,] or "what
is it"-- the golden head
or golden calf of Hathor.
I believe that that head--
the dead head of God--
is what Mary Magdalene holds.
The candle that she has in her
hand in religious symbolism
is the symbol of spiritual
illumination, of the light,
of the seed of the
light of salvation.
And in Christian symbolism,
it's the divine light
shining into the
world, as Christ
is the light of the world.
Christ is not a person.
Christ is an energy, a
frequency, or a vibration.
Jesus is a man.
Christ is a person.
If you've never made
that distinction,
it's very important
that you do that.
This symbolism
suggests Jesus' words,
"I am the light of the world."
And what we're talking about
is this ancient shining device
that I think is represented
as this lit candle.
No one lights a candle
unless you put it on a stand.
You don't hide it.
You bring it out.
And unfortunately this
candle light has been hidden,
this light of illumination.
In fact, Mary
Magdalene was called
the Illuminator, the
Illumined One in France
in the 14th century.
And what I've
suggested in my book
"The Illuminator" and
other presentations
is that the head in
Mary Magdalene's head,
the dead head of God, is
not the decapitated cranium
of John the Baptist, as
many grail researchers ask
you to believe.
That head that she holds and
that candlestick beside her
is in fact this technology
which was operated by Isis.
Mary Magdalene was a priestess
of the school of Isis.
This is why you see
these paintings that
are so illustrative
of one another-- Isis
standing beside
the Osiris device,
Mary Magdalene standing
beside the pillar
or cross of crucifixion
with the skull
at the base of the depiction.
These are interchangeable terms,
interchangeable depictions.
What is omitted in
Christian understanding
is the whole backstory
of where this came from.
They put a guy on a dead-- they
put a dead guy on a dead piece
of wood and say, worship it.
Before that, they had a
living god with a living tree
that you worked for,
that you in fact became.
And so that's the big
difference between these two.
One is a living tradition
that worships a living god.
The other-- the one on
the right, Christianity--
is a dead religion
based on a dead guy
and a dead piece of wood.
And everybody knows
the dead can't speak.
So Mary Magdalene,
the Illuminator--
when I asked Dana to make
the cover of this book,
I portrayed her
holding her skull.
But I also wanted to
have the Osiris device.
Osiris again is the Egyptian
god of resurrection.
And he is not a person, just
like Christ is not a person.
It is a device.
It is a means of channeling
this higher vibrational
energy that awakens us
and in fact enlightens us.
"The Anointing of the Dove"
goes into this as well, where
we see Mary Magdalene
modeling the Osiris
device, because I
believe that she
had activated these latent
spiritual capabilities
within herself.
That's why she was
the partner of Jesus.
She knew how to connect
with the Milky Way.
She had the key to the Nile--
the heavenly Nile, the Milky
Way.
And she brought
it into her body.
And she manifested
within her own body
an anointing oil that
then she shared with Jesus
and transformed him
into the Christos.
So we're going to talk
now about the living rod.
That's where all
of this is going.
Again, you have the two forms
of Christianity-- the one
about the living
religion of Jesus, which
is the religion of Jesus,
and then the descriptive
religion about the dead
Jesus with the dead cross.
And the way you tell the two
apart, the way you track them,
is the living rod.
This is Joseph of
Arimathea, considered
to be Jesus' wealthy uncle.
He holds a rod in his
hand that is blossoming.
It's a living staff
or a living rod.
It represents the
living religion.
Joseph, the husband of
Mary, the mother of Jesus,
also is connected in
Jewish mythology and lore
with this living rod.
It's called the rod of God,
and it is transmittable.
It was originally in the Garden
of Eden, according to Haggadah.
It blossoms with fruit.
It was recreated at the
twilight between the sixth day
and the seventh day of creation.
And it was passed
along from Adam to Noah
to Enoch to Elijah
to John the Baptist.
And then Jesus is given this.
He's portrayed here with the
dead wood in the front here.
They did something very
clever in this painting.
When we look in
the background, we
see that there's a negotiation
or a transaction going on.
And what's happening is
two figures, possibly
Jesus and John the Baptist,
are being given the secrets
of the caduceus rod of Hermes.
And then what happens
is-- what we're
to understand from this
painting is that all this
happened in the background.
And now if you understand
this symbolism, all of that
is unfolded in the
dead wood of the cross.
But what is never taught is
the negotiation that went on
behind the scenes and how
the dead wood actually
should represent the living
teaching of this rod of God.
But it doesn't.
It does not.
One way to track this living
rod is with the tower.
It's another word
that keeps coming up.
In Egypt it was spelled "tawer."
Elsewhere it's the "tor,"
as in Glastonbury Tor, where
Joseph of Arimathea is supposed
to have taken the living rod,
or the tower.
And so in this painting
we see the tower.
Another of my favorite towers
is in Rennes-le-Chateau
in southern France,
another place
indicated on JJ Hurtak's map.
In the late night 1800s, this
priest, Berenger Sauniere,
found some extraordinary
secret in the vicinity
of Rennes-le-Chateau.
Le Some believe it was the
genealogy of Jesus and Mary
Magdalene.
Some believe it was the treasure
of King Solomon, maybe gold.
Some believe it was
some kind of documents.
Whatever it was, this priest
Sauniere suddenly became
very wealthy and set about
refurbishing his church,
the Church of Mary Magdalene
in Rennes-le-Chateau, which
isn't a whole lot bigger than
this room right here, actually.
Inside the church,
he presents us
with this astonishing
depiction--
this statue of Mary Magdalene.
What can we notice about this
statue of Mary Magdalene?
Well, first of all, she
has her skull at her feet,
and she's holding a cross.
And that cross is green.
It's because
Rennes-le-Chateau is
another of these centers
where the living religion can
be traced to.
This is the Ouas scepter
that she holds in her hand.
She holds the key of the Nile in
her hand at Rennes-le-Chateau.
In fact, what I
would suggest to you
is that that green
cross in her hand
is actually symbolic again of
the Osiris tower, the Osiris
device.
And it suggests that
Rennes-le-Chateau
is one of these centers where
these secrets of this living
religion were originally--
were taken at one time.
And so I suggest to you that
this depiction of Isis standing
beside Osiris is
interchangeable again
with Mary Magdalene holding
the green or living cross.
It tells us that we're on the
track of the original version
of Christianity-- the living
religion, not the dead one.
And so Joseph of Arimathea with
his living rod, Mary Magdalene
with her living rod,
telling us they're
part of the same lineage
of this teaching.
Joseph to Joseph to
Mary Magdalene, this
is how we trace it.
In fact, in Domme,
in southern France--
I was there two years
ago, two summers ago--
I had heard about the Knights
Templar, a prison in Domme,
France, in southern
France, where
they made graffiti
etchings on the prison
walls of a pregnant woman
holding a rod or a wand
in her hand.
10 years had gone by before
I finally got a chance
to go to this place.
And I took this picture
last-- two years ago
of a pregnant woman holding
this rod or wand in her hand.
We see the crucifixion
scene beneath it.
The Templars for
some reason connected
the cross with the pyramid.
Gee, I wonder why?
Could it be that they
understood that the place
of the skull, the
place of crucifixion,
was probably the Giza Plateau?
That's what all
of this is leading
to-- that that was the central
place, the place of ascension.
Back to Solomon now
again with the tower
in the pillar of the living rod
and the rebuilding of this--
the Templars had gone
into Solomon's Temple
in the early 1100s
looking for some secrets.
They claimed that they were
descendants of a group called
the Desposyni, which is the
family of the Lord, the family
of Jesus and Mary Magdalene.
They spent 11 years
researching, digging
underneath Solomon's Temple.
And they came back to
Paris with something.
Again, no one's
exactly sure what
it was-- a cache of
knowledge, a hoard of gold,
alchemical teachings, something.
But they brought their teachings
back here to this place--
Saint-Denis in Paris,
where Abbot Suger, who
was a close friend
of the Templars,
began writing books about
an illuminated Christianity.
And Suger began to design window
medallions at Saint-Denis.
This is one of those window
medallions personally designed
by Suger.
What we notice is we have an
ark on wheels with a green cross
attached to it.
That is the living pillar or rod
of God that we're looking at.
Here is a line drawing of this
pillar, which Abbott suit says
is a rendition or depiction of
the true pillar of crucifixion.
This is the true
pillar of crucifixion.
Now here in Nashville, there's
at least 1,000 churches.
And every one of them
portrays the pillar
of crucifixion mounted to
the Ark of the Covenant.
No they don't.
There's only one
church on this planet
that I've been able to find that
shows the pillar of crucifixion
mounted to the Ark
of the Covenant,
and that's Abbott Suger's
Saint-Denis in Paris.
There are no other
Christian churches
that unite the
pillar of crucifixion
with the Ark of the Covenant.
Why is that so
significant to me?
Well, it's because I believe
that what we're actually
looking at in these depictions
is the Osiris device.
I propose that what
the Templars found
hidden at Solomon's Temple
was either a blueprint for
or the actual device
from ancient Egypt
that may even have
originated in Atlantis.
And they understood that the
true pillar of crucifixion
is not a piece of dead wood.
It's not a piece of dead wood.
It's a device, a
technology that opens
holes in space, that enables
one to enter a portal
and travel into other
dimensions or other places
within our galaxy or
perhaps even other galaxies.
So I see a tremendous similarity
between the Osiris depiction
and the Ark of the
Covenant on wheels
with the pillar mounted to it.
Now for a long time I was
curious about who Aminadab was.
Down here at the bottom of
the depiction on the right,
we have what appears to be
sort of like a license plate.
This device has a
name attached to it--
the quadrige of Aminadab.
Well, who's Aminadab?
I wasn't sure for a long time.
And then a couple of years
ago, a friend of mine,
Sir Laurence
Gardner, wrote a book
called "The Magdalene Legacy."
And in that book he points out
that the third-century Fisher
King Aminadab was the grandson
of Mary Magdalene's son
Josephus.
He entered into an historically
significant marriage
that cemented the grail
bloodlines of Jesus
and his brother James.
What that means to me
is that this device
is the property of this
family of the Desposyni.
This device belonged to the
family of Jesus and Mary
Magdalene.
If you can think of another
way to look at this,
I'm totally open to it.
But I believe that this was
the property of this family.
That's why they put
their name on it.
And what it suggests to
me is that the Desposyni,
the family of the Lord,
understands that-- get rid
of that dead wood.
Get rid of that dead wood.
Where's that living teaching?
Oh, you mean millions
of people have
been murdered for
the past 2,000 years
to prevent that living
teaching from being
revealed to the world at large?
Well, why is that?
Well, the fact is
that it has happened.
But why it's happened--
that's a whole other lecture.
We want to talk about
activating the Temple of Light.
That's what we're here for.
That's the business of the day--
activating the Temple of Light.
How do we do that?
To activate the Temple of
Light for our evolving soul--
for our soul drop,
our divine spark--
we've got to liberate
ourselves from the delusion
that we are helpless
and limited.
How many went to Sunday
school and the first thing
you learn is, you're a
filthy piece of crap?
You're a sinful
piece of garbage,
but we have the way to take
you out of your sinful state.
OK?
Just pony up a few bucks
to the priest each week,
pick your nose in the
back of the church,
and at the end of
the day, everything's
going to be just groovy.
All right?
We've got to liberate ourselves
from that delusion, which
is what it is.
Then we've got to
set about reconciling
the opposites within.
We've got to unite the
rod and ring within us.
And yeah, we have a rod
and a ring within us.
Then we're prepared to live in a
higher stream of consciousness.
These are the first steps.
The reason I wanted
to include this
is because what's
starting to happen
is something very interesting.
I was in California recently.
My host is an inventor.
And he was an engineer,
in fact, at Skunk Works,
where they work on high-flying
aircraft-- wild aircraft
stuff, the exotic stuff.
He's also a Tesla researcher.
And he was looking
at one of my DVDs.
And he said, I know
what he's doing.
I know what he's talking about.
And the next thing
I know, he quits
his job, which made
his wife really happy,
locks himself in his research
lab, which made his wife even
happier, and came out with this
device that emits a radiant
energy field so
that when you step
into the field of this device,
it begins-- you're like, hey,
this is really interesting.
This is really kind of nice.
And what's happening is that
it's not just this gentleman.
It's other places that you see
these technologies coming out
that want to take
you from a zero
to a hero with
nothing in between.
And I'm looking at that
going, some of us--
I'm included-- I'm not
ready to be a hero.
I'm still working some of these
issues and that kind of thing.
And so I put this in
here because I believe
these are the steps we've
got to take before we really,
fully embrace the
actual activation,
if you will, because if
we're not prepared-- let's
just take our finger and
stick at the light socket
for a few minutes and
get a good charge,
because it's going to have,
I think, the same effect.
There's nutritional supplements
coming out that are doing this.
There are technologies.
There's teachings.
And it's like,
wow, we really are
on the threshold of awakening.
There's a lot of
stuff out there.
But we've got to make sure we're
in the right space-- mentally,
physically, spiritually,
and emotionally--
to embrace these things.
And these are the first
three steps here, in my view.
And that's what I wanted to
talk about in this section
of our talk.
There is a natural
body, our body,
and there is a spiritual body.
Sounds pretty basic,
but a lot of people
don't understand that, nor do
they operate from the sense
that we have a spiritual body.
"And so it is written,
the first man Adam
was made a living soul.
The last Adam was made
a quickening spirit.
And as we have borne the
image of the earthly,
we shall also bear the
image of the heavenly."
1 Corinthians 15, 44 through 49.
"As we have borne the
image of the earthly,
we shall also bear the
image of the heavenly."
On the top, the Sombrero Galaxy.
On the bottom, a
cosmic egg in the womb.
We are cosmic eggs.
And when it says we're going to
bear the image of the heavenly,
I think what it's talking about
is what the Buddhists believe.
Our soul drop, that
nucleus within us,
can even become a whole galaxy.
We talk about living
in another dimension.
How about living in
another dimension?
How about our soul drop, which
is condensed in this body,
becoming a whole galaxy?
That's a big jump in
scale and dimension,
but that may be what
they're talking about.
And somewhere in between
the cosmic egg and the womb
and the cosmic egg flying
around in the cosmos-- hey,
that's our potential.
And to the extent that
we begin to embrace
that potential within us, magic
can really start to happen.
All around us are
tiny doors that lead
to the rest of the universe.
That's what modern
science is telling us.
This isn't "Alice
in Wonderland."
This isn't-- pick Madeleine
L'Engle's stories.
Pick any story
that tells us this.
It's true.
They're predicted by
Einstein's equations.
These quantum wormholes offer
faster-than-light transport
to the rest of the cosmos.
Hello.
How would it feel like if we
could walk out this door right
here and enter another
conference like this
in Andromeda?
I'd love it.
The Tibetans
operate on a premise
that they're connected to
18 different solar systems
within our galaxy.
We're not even
connected to one, let
alone keeping 18 of these
balls-- where am I now?
We must consciously
insert ourselves
into the divine
web of the cosmos.
That's an important step.
We are all, at all times,
whether we recognize it or not,
an inextricable part of the
universal web of consciousness.
And I hyphenated the
word "conscious-ness"
because everything is conscious.
We live in a mirror world.
Everything is energy
and vibration,
and we are part of it.
It mirrors us.
We have to imagine
this limitless web
as a multileveled system
of dimensions nested
within dimensions, with
information continually being
exchanged between
these dimensions
at the molecular level, at the
level of our own communication
with each other, at the
level of planetary life,
and at the level of galaxies
and perhaps universes,
of which we know nothing.
50 years ago, they didn't know
anything about these galaxies.
It was only in the
'40s that we really
began to understand
in the modern world
that our Milky Way galaxy
is shaped like a UFO,
like a celestial disk.
In just a short 50
years, we now know
there's hundreds of
billions of galaxies that
inhabit the known universe.
And our universe is
nested within a dimension
within a dimension.
We're all part of it.
And we can interact
on those levels.
I believe that we are
children of the cosmos.
And that's where we have
to begin to view ourselves.
We're all star walkers.
It's not just me.
All of us are star walkers.
We come from other realms,
other dimensions, to this place.
We're going to return to other
realms, other dimensions,
other places.
I just hope I can
take my cats with me.
This recently came
out the Gospel
of Judas-- very controversial
new gospel, just revealed.
Judas whispers to Jesus,
"I know who you are
and where you have come from.
You're from the immortal
realm of Barbelo."
Where's that?
According to the
Gospel of Judas,
the savior is the divine
spark I've been speaking of.
That's not my word.
This is the Gospel of Judas'
word-- the spiritual being
inside Jesus who lives
in a spiritual dimension.
The physical being of
Jesus is a simple covering,
much like a clothing
that the spiritual savior
wears in the world.
And that's what I'm asking
you to consider this body is.
It's a covering.
It's also a device.
It's a stargate.
And our divine
sparks temporarily
inhabit this clothing.
This is not William Henry.
William Henry is
something else that's
existing in how many different
dimensions right now?
I'm probably giving this talk
in a billion other places
right now.
And you're there, too.
Think about that.
Jesus is essentially
telling Judas that
by betraying him knowingly
and at his request,
contrary to the dead religion
of Christianity's doctrine,
that he is being a true friend
and allowing the man Jesus
to die so that the savior,
the divine spark or particle,
can be free to return to his
home in heaven or the Barbelo.
And that's what we're
all looking for.
We want to return to that
immortal realm of the Barbelo.